Update guided tour (#1003)
gardener/landscaper: docs/guided-tour/blueprints/helm-chart-resource/README.md

sidebar_position: 2
---

# Helm Chart Resources in the Component Version

> Let's look at an example in which a Helm Chart is referenced from a component version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's look at an example in which a Helm Chart is referenced out of a component version.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed

For prerequisites see [here](../../README.md).

## Referencing the Helm Chart without a Component Version

The blueprint of the previous examples reference the Helm chart directly like this:

```yaml
chart:
  ref: eu.gcr.io/gardener-project/landscaper/examples/charts/hello-world:1.0.0
```

Using this oci reference, the landscaper is able to fetch the helm chart and deploy it correspondingly. This approach 
has the disadvantage, that the location of the chart is hidden in the blueprint which is an unknown resource type
of OCM. Therefore, if OCM component versions are used for transport, scanning etc. such hidden artefact could not be 
identified as part of the component version and are just skipped. A better approach is to specify such artefacts in 
the component version itself such that they are known on the component level and just reference the artefacts in 
the blueprint via their entries in the component descriptor of the component version. We will show this in the 

> following with the helm chart artefact.

Reviewer: I would remove this part altogether. Just document one approach.
To my understanding this way of referencing charts is deprecated and should not be used.

Reviewer 2: We replace the three example in the blueprints section by one example. In this example all resources (blueprint, chart, image) will be in the component descriptor, the blueprint as local resource. As the other points this is on the follow-up list https://github.tools.sap/kubernetes/k8s-lifecycle-management/issues/1172.

          helmRepository: https://example.helm.repo.com/landscaper
```

> Again, if you prefer to embed the blueprint and the helm chart in the component as a local blob, instead of an 

Reviewer: This is not correct. A resource being a local blob is not determined if it is specified by `access` or `input`.
You can use `input` and not have a local blob.

Reviewer 2: We explain this during the rework of the chapter. We should probably link to https://ocm.software/docs/guides/input_and_access/
